test.html5 = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.slidy = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.slideous = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.latex = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.org = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.beamer = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.textile = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.roff-man = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.vimwiki = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.twiki = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.xwiki = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.html = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.bits = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.tikimediawiki = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.ansi-text = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.txt2tags = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.rst = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.zimwiki = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.xhtml = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.endnote = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.markdown = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.mdoc-man = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.roff-ms = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.rtf = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.ris = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.dzslides = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.dokuwiki = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.tsv = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.revealjs = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.jats = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.typst = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.bibtex = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.mediawiki = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.djot = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.creole = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.fictionbook2 = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.csl-yaml = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.opendocument = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.biblatex = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.csl-json = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.jira-wiki = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.haddock = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.docbook = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.muse = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.csv = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
test.chunked-html = markdown, rst, asciidoc, org, muse, textile, markua, html, html5, epub, texinfo, haddock, latex, context, docbook, jats, tei, opendocument, opml, bibtex, biblatex, docx, rtf, odt, ipynb, icml, typst, mediawiki, dokuwiki, xwiki, zimwiki, beamer, pptx, slidy, revealjs, slideous, s5, dzslides
